Analytics CSharp GA (#5338)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/csharp/index.md

| `cdnHost`                   | Default set to `cdn-settings.segment.com/v1`. <br> This set a default cdnHost to which Segment fetches settings.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `analyticsErrorHandler`     | Default set to `null`. <br>This set an error handler to handle errors happened in analytics                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
 | `storageProvider`           | Default set to `DefaultStorageProvider`. <br>This set how you want your data to be stored. <br> `DefaultStorageProvider` is used by default which stores data to local storage. `InMemoryStorageProvider` is also provided in the library. <br>You can also write your own storage solution by implementing `IStorageProvider` and `IStorage` |

> | `httpClientProvider`        | Default set to `DefaultHTTPClientProvider`. <br>This set a http client provider for analytics use to do network activities. The default provider uses System.Net.Http for network activities.                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `httpClientProvider`        | The default is set to `DefaultHTTPClientProvider`. <br>This sets a http client provider for analytics use to do network activities. The default provider uses System.Net.Http for network activities.                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | `httpClientProvider`        | Default set to `DefaultHTTPClientProvider`. <br>This set a http client provider for analytics use to do network activities. The default provider uses System.Net.Http for network activities.                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `httpClientProvider`        | The default is set to `DefaultHTTPClientProvider`. <br>This sets a http client provider for analytics use to do network activities. The default provider uses System.Net.Http for network activities.                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | `flushPolicies`             | Default set to `null`. <br>This set custom flush policies to tell analytics when and how to flush. By default, it converts `flushAt` and `flushInterval` to `CountFlushPolicy` and `FrequencyFlushPolicy`. If a value is given, it overwrites `flushAt` and `flushInterval`.                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flushPolicies`             | The default is set to `null`. <br>This sets custom flush policies to tell analytics when and how to flush. By default, it converts `flushAt` and `flushInterval` to `CountFlushPolicy` and `FrequencyFlushPolicy`. If a value is given, it overwrites `flushAt` and `flushInterval`.                                                                  |
```

> | `flushPolicies`             | Default set to `null`. <br>This set custom flush policies to tell analytics when and how to flush. By default, it converts `flushAt` and `flushInterval` to `CountFlushPolicy` and `FrequencyFlushPolicy`. If a value is given, it overwrites `flushAt` and `flushInterval`.                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flushPolicies`             | The default is set to `null`. <br>This sets custom flush policies to tell analytics when and how to flush. By default, it converts `flushAt` and `flushInterval` to `CountFlushPolicy` and `FrequencyFlushPolicy`. If a value is given, it overwrites `flushAt` and `flushInterval`.                                                                  |
```

analytics.Reset()
```

> ## Controlling Upload With Flush Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Flush policies
```

> ## Controlling Upload With Flush Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Flush Policies
```

> To more granularly control when events are uploaded you can use `FlushPolicies`. **This will override any setting on `flushAt` and `flushInterval`, but you can use `CountFlushPolicy` and `FrequencyFlushPolicy` to have the same behaviour respectively.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To more granularly control when events are uploaded you can use `FlushPolicies`. 

> warning ""
> `FlushPolicies` overrides any setting on `flushAt` and `flushInterval`, but you can use `CountFlushPolicy` and `FrequencyFlushPolicy` to have the same behavior.
```

> A Flush Policy defines the strategy for deciding when to flush, this can be on an interval, on a certain time of day, after receiving a certain number of events or even after receiving a particular event. This gives you even more flexibility on when to send event to Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Flush Policy defines the strategy for deciding when to flush. This can be on an interval, on a certain time of day, after receiving a certain number of events or even after receiving a particular event. This gives you even more flexibility on when to send an event to Segment.
```

To make use of flush policies you can set them in the configuration of the client:
```csharp
    var configuration = new Configuration("<YOUR WRITE KEY>",
            flushPolicies: new List<IFlushPolicy>
            {
                new CountFlushPolicy(),
                new FrequencyFlushPolicy(),
                new StartupFlushPolicy()
            });
    var analytics = new Analytics(configuration);
```

That means only the first policy to reach `ShouldFlush` gets to trigger a flush at a time. In the example above either the event count gets to 5 or the timer reaches 500ms, whatever comes first will trigger a flush.

> We have several standard FlushPolicies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment has several standard FlushPolicies:
```

- `CountFlushPolicy` triggers whenever a certain number of events is reached
- `FrequencyFlushPolicy` triggers on an interval of milliseconds
- `StartupFlushPolicy` triggers on client startup only

### Adding or removing policies

> One of the main advantages of FlushPolicies is that you can add and remove policies on the fly. This is very powerful when you want to reduce or increase the amount of flushes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the main advantages of FlushPolicies is that you can choose to add and remove policies. This is very powerful when you want to reduce or increase the amount of flushes.
```

> For example you might want to disable flushes if you detect the user has no network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you might want to disable flushes if you detect the user has no network:
```

```csharp
    // listen to network changes
    if (noNetwork) {
        // remove all flush policies to avoid flushing
        analytics.ClearFlushPolicies();

        // or disable analytics completely (including store events)
        analytics.Enable = false
    }
    else {
        analytics.AddFlushPolicy(new CountFlushPolicy(), new FrequencyFlushPolicy());
    }
```

> ###  Creating your own flush policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  Create your own flush policies
```

You can create a custom FlushPolicy special for your application needs by implementing the  `IFlushPolicy` interface. You can also extend the `FlushPolicyBase` class that already creates and handles the `shouldFlush` value reset.

> A `FlushPolicy` only needs to implement 2 methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `FlushPolicy` only needs to implement two of these methods:
```

- `Schedule`: Executed when the flush policy is enabled and added to the client. This is a good place to start background operations, make async calls, configure things before execution
- `UpdateState`: Gets called on every event tracked by your client
- `Unschedule`: Called when policy should stop running any scheduled flushes
- `Reset`: Called after a flush is triggered (either by your policy, by another policy or manually)

> They also have a `ShouldFlush` observable boolean value. When this is set to true the client will attempt to upload events. Each policy should reset this value to `false` according to its own logic, although it is pretty common to do it inside the `Reset` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `FlushPolicy` should also have a `ShouldFlush` observable boolean value. When this is set to true the client attempts to upload events. Each policy should reset this value to `false` according to its own logic.
```

}; 
```

## Samples

For sample usages of the SDK in specific platforms, checkout the following:

| Platform    | Sample                                                                                                                                 |
|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Asp.Net     | [Setup with dependency injection](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/AspNetSample)                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Asp.Net     | [Set up with dependency injection](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/AspNetSample){:target="_blank"}                        |
```

> | Asp.Net MVC | [Setup with dependency injection](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/AspNetMvcSample)                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Asp.Net MVC | [Set up with dependency injection](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/AspNetMvcSample){:target="_blank"}                     |
```

> | Console     | [Basic setups](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/Program.cs)                               |
> | Unity       | [Singleton Analytics](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/UnitySample/SingletonAnalytics.cs)               |
> |             | [Lifecycle plugin](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/UnitySample/LifecyclePlugin.cs)                     |
> |             | [Custom HTTPClient](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/UnitySample/UnityHTTPClient.cs)                    |
> | Xamarin     | [Basic setups](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/XamarinSample)                                          |
> | General     | [Custom HTTP client](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/ProxyHttpClient.cs)                 |
> |             | [Custom Storage](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Analytics-CSharp/Segment/Analytics/Utilities/Storage.cs#L200) |
> |             | [Flush Policy](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/FlushOnScreenEventsPolicy.cs)             |
> |             | [Custom Logger](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/SegmentLogger.cs)                        |
> |             | [Custom Error Handler](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/NetworkErrorHandler.cs)           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Console     | [Basic setup](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/Program.cs){:target="_blank"}                               |
| Unity       | [Singleton Analytics](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/UnitySample/SingletonAnalytics.cs){:target="_blank"}               |
|             | [Lifecycle plugin](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/UnitySample/LifecyclePlugin.cs){:target="_blank"}                     |
|             | [Custom HTTPClient](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Samples/UnitySample/UnityHTTPClient.cs){:target="_blank"}                    |
| Xamarin     | [Basic setup](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/XamarinSample){:target="_blank"}                                          |
| General     | [Custom HTTP client](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/ProxyHttpClient.cs){:target="_blank"}                 |
|             | [Custom Storage](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/blob/main/Analytics-CSharp/Segment/Analytics/Utilities/Storage.cs#L200{:target="_blank"}) |
|             | [Flush Policy](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/FlushOnScreenEventsPolicy.cs){:target="_blank"}             |
|             | [Custom Logger](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/SegmentLogger.cs){:target="_blank"}                        |
|             | [Custom Error Handler](https://github.com/segmentio/Analytics-CSharp/tree/main/Samples/ConsoleSample/NetworkErrorHandler.cs){:target="_blank"}           |
```
